---
title: "TED听抄2: The secret to self control | Jonathan Bricker | TEDxRainier"
description: "TED听抄2: The secret to self control | Jonathan Bricker | TEDxRainier"
url: TEDIdeas2
---

# TED听抄2: The secret to self control | Jonathan Bricker | TEDxRainier

[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTb3d5cjSFI&t=1s)  

Let me tell you about my mom. My mom was 42 years-old when I was born. And she started exercising for the first time in her life. She started by running around the block. And then, she started doing 5km raises. And then, she started doing 10km raises. And after that, she ran a marathon. And after that, my mom did it **Drasalon**. By the time, she was 57 years-old. My mom was tracking up hell to the base camp of mountain everest. And let me tell you about my dad. When I was a kid, my dad used to take me to the science classes. He was also my calculus teacher in high school. I want to craw under the desk. I learned something important from my mom, the value of health. And I learn something important from my dad, the value of science. And, this two values have guide me on my track through life. And they found me appreciate the epidemic we are all facing, and it's not Ebola. Instead, it is the epidemic of unhealthy living.  

A half billion people world wide are OBS. And you would think that 50 year after that first US surging general support on the dangerous tobacco was published. That we be beyond of the problem of smoking. Today, a billion people worldwide use tobacco. Tobacco and obesity are two of the most preventably causes of premature death. Solving this problems is like trying to solve **Ajecstuck** puzzle. We are engaging in unhealthy behavior because of our genetics, because of brain neural transmitters, because of environmental effluences such as pills and media. Each of those pieces of puzzle are not things you and I can solve on our own. But, there is one piece of this puzzle that may hold the key, our choices, about what we do with our cravings to engage in addicted behaviors like smoking, or over eating. Our choices. There is a new science of self-control that may hold the key to reversing that epidemics. It's called willingness.

Willingness means allowing you craving to come and to go or not acting on that, like smoking or eating unhealthy. But actually, I'm not talk about will power, I'm not talking about power through your cravings. Instead, I am talking about different notion of cravings. That looks like this, dropping the struggle with your cravings, opening up to them, letting them be there, and making peace with them.  

Now, at this point, you maybe very skeptical. I was. When I first heard about it years ago, I friend of my came to me with a book on willingness. He said, Jonathan, this book will changing your life for every. And I said, Ooh, ok, yeah, umm, year, I'll check it out. So, I went through it, ummm, it is a bunch of psychical bible. I tossed it aside. Until some years later, when my wife brought me to a work shop on unwillingness of university of Washington. And I was **bullowned** away. So then, I read the book, and then, I read a lot of book on willingness. And I got trained in it. And what I learned was willingness is apart of acceptance in the accept and commitment therapy approach to be behavior change. It's a broad approach to be behavior change, it's been used to help people with anxiety disorder, with addictions, even some innovative companies are now using it to helping improving their employees performance and reduce their distress.

Now, to understand why I was billowed away, you have to understand the world that I live in. In my research world, a common way you help people quit smoking and lose weight is you teaching them to avoid cravings, avoid thinking about smokings, distraked yourself from food cravings. There's a song from a Broadway's show, and **capshows** this perfectly, it goes like this.

When you start to get confuse because of fuzzes in your head, don't fell thoughts feelings. Hold them in instead, turn it off, like a light switch just go click we do it all the time when you feeling certain feeling such as don't seems right, switch those packing feeling like a reading light, and turn them off.

We all living in this world, with the song we keep hearing is turn off the bad feelings. Now, let's take a look at this cookies. They just came out of the oven. Ooooh, they are so good. Oooh, they are so delicious. Enmmm, just feeling the craving to eat that feelings. Oooh, they are lovely, they are so good. Now, turn it off. turn it off. You want this cookies even more now, right? You see the futility of "turn it off". You can't turn it off. And maybe, you don't have to. Maybe, you can leave the light on. Here is how.  

My research lab at Fred Parkinson Cancer Research Center here in Cato. It's conducting random-mize clinical trails to see if showing people how to be willing to have their craving is affective to quite smoking. We are conducting trails in face to face intervention, and a telephone quick smoke hot-line, and a website called webquite.org, and an App called smart quite. This technology help the potential to reach millions people with their interventions, we could save life. That's pretty amazing.

And let me tell you about the data. When you pull together the result from six clinical trials, all six had been published today, including trails conducted by our colleagues. What we see is that for the people who were signed to the avoid approach, avoiding your cravings, some of them quite smoking, and very depending on the study. However, for the people who are randomly signed for willingness condition, twice as many quite smoking. Every every encouraging.  
Now, of course, the date only tell us one part of the story. So, to help you see willingness in action, I am going to wave together experiences I've had to consulting people to quiting smoking. And our together refer, so there is one person we'll just call him Jane.

So, as this is typical people who coming to once helping quiting smoking, Jane was a 45 years-old person, who started smoking when she was a teenager. She tried quite smoking several times but not successful. So, she was very skeptical that  anything new was getting be helpful to her for quite. And she was really hopeful that this time would be different. So, the first thing that I show Jane was to be willing, that is to be aware of her craving in her body. So, to know this where she cravings in her body. And when I did it this to asking a journal that, and just to track the intensity over time, and see if she smoke afterward. So, a little bit of explain that she stops me, she saids, "what are you talking about? I don't have cravings. I just smoke". So, I said, "Well, why not you try it, and we will see what happens, and if doesn't happens, we try something else". So, she came back a week later. She said, you know, "I am dragging my cravings. I have been dragging them all the time. And now, I can't stopping thinking about smoking. What am I suppose to do?" Well, if I tell you, my answer, let's look behind the sites. Well, what's probably going on here was that Jane was having craving all alone. And like a lot of us, she lives on autopaletor. You wake up in the morning, smoke a cigarette, you have a cup of coffee, you smoke a cigarette, you get in to the car, you smoke a cigarette. We are often just not aware what we thinking before we act. So, I answer to Jane was to be willing. And one of the way I show her to do that was what the exercise called, I am having the thought. So, one of Jane thoughts, before he had cigarette was, I fill a lot of stress I know, I really need a cigarette. So, I ask he after freeze, I'm having the thought, like this. I'm having the thought that I'm feeling lot's of stress done, I really need a cigarette. Than, I asking her another phrase, I notice that I have the thought. So, I'm noticing that I'm having the thought, then I having lot's of stress now, I really need a cigarette. Now, we can all do an exercise like this when we have any kind of negative thought, like for my thought, that I'm boring all of you by my talking. And, I'm having the thought that I'm boring all of you with my talk. So, what the exercise did is give me a little bit space between me and my thoughts. And it's in that's space, that I can choice not to run out of the stage from 500 people. And the fact is, we don't act on every thoughts we had because if we did, we all be in hall a lot of trouble. So, this was helpful to Jane. But there was something else, that was really difficult for Jane, and I feel lot's of compassion about her. And that was the judgment that she feel from people when she would be outside smoking a outside cigarette. There criticism from her husband for been a smoker, and the self-loading that she developed about smoking, and she dealt with ashame, by having a cigarette which give her relive temporarily into the shame came back. So, I said to Jane, what would be like if we tried to honer this feel of shame as part of human experiment. If you had a close friend, who was feeling ashame about smoking, I said to Jane, "What would you offer to this friend as words of caring very kindness? And could you then, offer those words to yourself Jane." And she looked up, and she had this look of this temporary respite from the shame which made just a little bit easier to next time, not acting to craving.

So, here is the secret of self control. The secret of self control is to give up control. Because otherwise, we get into a target of war with a monster, a craving monster. And a craving monster saids, "Common, smoke a cigarette; common, have that cookie; Common!" And you are on the other side say, "No, craving monster, I'm gonna distract by you; I am ignoring you, no no no" And the craving monster says, "Yeah, you know, common, you know, you want it." And you just back here, you are going back and forth and back and forth, and pretty soon, the craving monster over powers you, you have the cookies, you have that cigarette until the craving monster come back. And you are on the target word doing again. Doing what we learned how to do. In last, in last, you drop the rope. And when you discovered is if you just allow the monster to be, to occupy a space in your body, you discover that that the craving monster is not as threatening as it appears. And some times, it even goes away. As we break for lunch, we gonna have choices what to eat. When you see them, try to be aware of the craves in your body. Try to be willing to have this craving, see if they passed on there own. And whatever choices you made, try to bring a spirited of caring and kindness to yourself, for that is the mountain that we are all climbing. Thank you very much!

---
[Github](https://github.com/Karobben)  
[Blog](http://Karobben.github.io)  
[Bilibili](https://space.bilibili.com/393056819)  
[R 语言画图索引](https://karobben.github.io/R/R-index.html)
---
Identity:  87.29% 11113 <br>
﻿1 Translator: Emanuele Rossi Reviewer: TED Translators admin Let me tell you about my m
<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>Let me tell you about my m<br>
om. My mom was 42 years old when I was born, and she started exercising for the first ti
om. My mom was 42 years<span style="color:salmon;">-</span>old when I was born<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And she started exercising for the first ti<br>
me in her life. She started by running around the block, and then_ she started doing 5K_
me in her life. She started by running around the block<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And then<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> she started doing 5k<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><br>
 rac_es, and then_ she started doing 10K_ rac_es. And after that, she ran a marathon, an
 ra<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span>es<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And then<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> she started doing 10k<span style="color:salmon;">m</span> ra<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span>es. And after that, she ran a marathon<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> An<br>
d after that, my mom did a_ triathlon. By the time_ she was 57 years old, my mom was tre
d after that, my mom did <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> <span style="color:salmon;">D</span>r<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>lon. By the time<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> she was 57 years<span style="color:salmon;">-</span>old<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> My mom was tr<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><br>
kking up_hill to the base camp of M___t.__ Everest. And let me tell you about my dad. Wh
<span style="color:salmon;">c</span>king up<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>h<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>ll to the base camp of m<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span> everest. And let me tell you about my dad. Wh<br>
en I was a kid, my dad used to take me to ____science classes. He was also my calculus t
en I was a kid, my dad used to take me to <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>science classes. He was also my calculus t<br>
eacher in high school. I wanted to crawl under the desk. I learned something important f
eacher in high school. I want<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> to craw<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> under the desk. I learned something important f<br>
rom my mom: The value of health. And I learned something important from my dad: the valu
rom my mom<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> the value of health. And I learn<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> something important from my dad<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> the valu<br>
e of science. And_ these two values have guided me on my tre_k through life, and they've
e of science. And<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> two values have guide<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> me on my tr<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span>k through life<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And they<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 helped me appreciate an_ epidemic that we are all facing. And it's not Ebola. Instead,
 <span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>d me appreciate <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> epidemic <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>we are all facing<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and it's not Ebola. Instead, <br>
it is the epidemic of unhealthy living. _A half billion people world_wide are obese. And
it is the epidemic of unhealthy living. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>A half billion people world<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>wide are OB<span style="color:salmon;">S</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>. And<br>
 you would think that 50 years after the_ first U.S. Surgeon_ General's report on the da
 you would think that 50 year<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> after th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> first U<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>S<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> surg<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">g</span> general<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>s<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">p</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>port on the da<br>
ngers of_ tobacco was published_ _____we'd be beyond ___the problem of smoking. Today, a
nger<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> tobacco was published<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> <span style="color:salmon;">T</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>we<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> be beyond <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>the problem of smoking. Today, a<br>
 billion people worldwide use tobacco. Tobacco and obesity are two of the most preventab
 billion people worldwide use tobacco. Tobacco and obesity are two of the most preventab<br>
le causes of premature death. Solving these problems is like trying to solve a jigsaw__
l<span style="color:salmon;">y</span> causes of premature death. Solving th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> problems is like trying to solve A<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>j<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">k</span> <br>
puzzle. We __e__ngage__ in unhealthy behaviors because of our genetics, because of brain
puzzle. We <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span>e<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span>ngag<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> in unhealthy behavior<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> because of our genetics, because of brain<br>
 neuro__transmitters, because of environmental influences such as peers and the media. E
 neur<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>transmitters, because of environmental <span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">f</span>fluences such as p<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>s and <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>media. E<br>
ach of those pieces of the puzzle are not things that you and I can solve on our own. Bu
ach of those pieces of <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>puzzle are not things <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>you and I can solve on our own. Bu<br>
t_ there is one piece of this puzzle that may hold the key: Our choices_ about what we d
t<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> there is one piece of this puzzle that may hold the key<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> our choices<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> about what we d<br>
o with our cravings to engage in addictive_ behaviors like smoking_ or over_eating. Our
o with our cravings to engage in addict<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">d</span> behaviors like smoking<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> or over<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>eating. Our <br>
choices. There is a new science of self-control that may hold the key to reversing these
choices. There is a new science of self-control that may hold the key to reversing th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 epidemics. It's called willingness. _Willingness means allowing your cravings to come a
 epidemics. It's called willingness. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>Willingness means allowing you<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> craving<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> to come a<br>
nd to go, while not acting on them_ by__ smoking or eating unhealthy. But actually, I'm
nd to go<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> not acting on th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">k</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> smoking or eating unhealthy. But actually, I'm <br>
not talking about will_power, and I'm not talking about "power through your cravings." I
not talk<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> about will<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>power, <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I'm not talking about <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>power through your cravings.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> I<br>
nstead, I'_m talking about a different notion of cravings_ that looks like this: droppin
nstead, I<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>m talking about <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>different notion of cravings<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> That looks like this<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> droppin<br>
g the struggle with your cravings. Opening up to them, letting them be there, and making
g the struggle with your cravings<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> opening up to them, letting them be there, and making<br>
 peace with them. _Now_ at this point_ you may be very skeptical. I was_ when I first he
 peace with them. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>Now<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> at this point<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> you may<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>be very skeptical. I was<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> When I first he<br>
ard about it years ago. A friend of mine came to me with a book on willingness. He said,
ard about it years ago<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">I</span> friend of m<span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> came to me with a book on willingness. He said,<br>
 "Jonathan, this book will change__ your life for_ever!" And I said_ "O_h, OK... Yeah...
 <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>Jonathan, this book will chang<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> your life for<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>ever<span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And I said<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>O<span style="color:salmon;">o</span>h, ok<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> yeah<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><br>
___ yeah, I'll check it out." So_ I went through it and thought, "Nah, this is a bunch o
<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">,</span> yea<span style="color:salmon;">r</span>, I'll check it out.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I went through it<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>u<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span>, <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> is a bunch o<br>
f psycho-ba__b_ble," and tossed it aside. Until some years later_ when my wife brought m
f psych<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>b<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>ble<span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">I</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> tossed it aside. Until some years later<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> when my wife brought m<br>
e to a work_shop on __willingness at the University of Washington, and I was b_l_own__ a
e to a work<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>shop on <span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span>willingness <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">f</span> <span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>niversity of Washington<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And I was b<span style="color:salmon;">u</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">l</span>own<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> a<br>
way. So then_ I read the book, and then_ I read a lot of books on willingness, and I got
way. So then<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I read the book, and then<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I read a lot of book<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> on willingness<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And I got<br>
 trained in it, and what I learned was that willingness is _part of acceptance in the Ac
 trained in it<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And what I learned was <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>willingness is <span style="color:salmon;">a</span>part of acceptance in the ac<br>
ceptance and Commitment Therapy approach to be___havior change. It's a broad approach to
cept<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> and commitment therapy approach to be<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">b</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span>havior change. It's a broad approach to<br>
 be___havior change_ that's being used to help people with anxiety disorders, with addic
 be<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">b</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span>havior change<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t's be<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> used to help people with anxiety disorder<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>, with addic<br>
tions_ even some innovative companies are now using it to help___ improve__ their employ
tions<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> even some innovative companies are now using it to help<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> improv<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> their employ<br>
ees' performance and reduce their __stress. _Now, to understand why I was b_l_own_ away,
ees<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> performance and reduce their <span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span>stress. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>Now, to understand why I was b<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">l</span>ow<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> away,<br>
 you have to understand the world _____I live in. In my research world, a common way you
 you have to understand the world <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>I live in. In my research world, a common way you<br>
 help people quit smoking and lose weight is you teach___ them to avoid their cravings.
 help people quit smoking and lose weight is you teach<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> them to avoid <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>cravings<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <br>
Avoid thinking about smoking_, distract_ yourself from food cravings. There's a song fro
avoid thinking about smoking<span style="color:salmon;">s</span>, distra<span style="color:salmon;">k</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> yourself from food cravings. There's a song fro<br>
m a Broadway__ show_ that_ captures this perfectly. It goes like this: _________________
m a Broadway<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> show<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> cap<span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">w</span>s this perfectly<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> it goes like this<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> <span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">W</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><br>
______________because of thoughts in your head, don't feel tho____se feelings, hold them
<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>because of <span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>u<span style="color:salmon;">z</span><span style="color:salmon;">z</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span>s in your head, don't fe<span style="color:salmon;">l</span>l tho<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> feelings<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> Hold them<br>
 in instead. Turn it off_ like a light switch just go click. We do it all the time when
 in instead<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> turn it off<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> like a light switch just go click<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> we do it all the time when <br>
you're feeling certain feeling_s that just don't seem_ right. Treat__ those pesky__ feel
you<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> feeling certain feeling<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>s<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span>h<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> don't seem<span style="color:salmon;">s</span> right<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span> those p<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span>k<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> feel<br>
ings like a reading light_ and turn them off. _We all live__ in this world, w__here the
ing<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> like a reading light<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and turn them off. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>We all liv<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> in this world, w<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span>h<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> the <br>
song we keep hearing is "turn off the bad feelings." Now, let's take a look at these coo
song we keep hearing is <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>turn off the bad feelings.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> Now, let's take a look at th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> coo<br>
kies. They just came out of the oven_ _oo_h, they are so good! A__h, they'_re so delicio
kies. They just came out of the oven<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> <span style="color:salmon;">O</span>oo<span style="color:salmon;">o</span>h, they are so good<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> <span style="color:salmon;">O</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span>h, they<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re so delicio<br>
us. M_m-mm, just feel___ that craving to eat those cookie_s. Oo_h, they'_re lovely, they
us. <span style="color:salmon;">E</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span>m<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>mm, just feel<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> th<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> craving to eat th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span>s. Oo<span style="color:salmon;">o</span>h, they<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re lovely, they<br>
'_re so good. Now, turn it off! Turn it off! You want those cookies even more now, right
<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re so good. Now, turn it off<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> turn it off<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> You want th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> cookies even more now, right<br>
? You see the futility of trying to turn it off_. You can't turn it off! And maybe_ you
? You see the futility of <span style="color:salmon;">"</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>urn it off<span style="color:salmon;">"</span>. You can't turn it off<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And maybe<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> you <br>
don't have to. Maybe, you can leave the light on. Here is how: _My research lab at the F
don't have to. Maybe, you can leave the light on. Here is how<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>My research lab at <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>F<br>
red Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, here in Seattle, i__s conducting random__ized cli
red <span style="color:salmon;">P</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">k</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>inson Cancer Research Center<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> here in <span style="color:salmon;">C</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>at<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> I<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">'</span>s conducting random<span style="color:salmon;">-</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span>ize<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> cli<br>
nical tr_ials to see if showing people how to be willing to have their cravings is effec
nical tr<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ls to see if showing people how to be willing to have their craving<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> is <span style="color:salmon;">a</span>ffec<br>
tive for quitting smoking. We are conducting tr_ials and face-to-face interventions and
tive <span style="color:salmon;">t</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> quit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> smoking. We are conducting tr<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ls <span style="color:salmon;">i</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> face<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>to<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>face intervention<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and <br>
a telephone quit_ smoking hot_line_ and a website called webquit_.org_ and in an app cal
a telephone qui<span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">k</span> smok<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> hot<span style="color:salmon;">-</span>line<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and a website called webquit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>.org<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>an App cal<br>
led SmartQ_uit_. These technologies have__ the potential to reach millions of people wit
led smart<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">q</span>uit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>. Th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> technolog<span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> h<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;">p</span> the potential to reach millions <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>people wit<br>
h ___i___nterventions_ that could save their lives. That's pretty amazing. _And let me t
h <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span>nterventions<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> could save <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>li<span style="color:salmon;">f</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>. That's pretty amazing. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>And let me t<br>
ell you about the data. When you pool together the results from six clinical trials, all
ell you about the data. When you p<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>l together the result<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> from six clinical trials, all<br>
 six that have been published to date, including tr_ials conducted by our colleagues, wh
 six <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ha<span style="color:salmon;">d</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>been published to<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>da<span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>, including tr<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ls conducted by our colleagues<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> Wh<br>
at we see is that for the people who were assigned to the avoidance approach - avoiding
at we see is that for the people who were <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>igned to the avoid<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> approach<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> avoiding <br>
your cravings —- some of them quit_ smoking, and it varied depending on the study. Howev
your cravings<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> some of them quit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span> smoking, and <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>v<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>r<span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> depending on the study. Howev<br>
er, for the people who were randomly assigned to the willingness condition, twice as man
er, for the people who <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>re randomly <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>igned <span style="color:salmon;">f</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> willingness condition, twice as man<br>
y quit_ smoking. V_ery, _very encouraging. Now, of course, the data only tell us one sma
y quit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span> smoking. <span style="color:salmon;">E</span><span style="color:salmon;">v</span>ery<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">e</span>very encouraging. Now, of course, the dat<span style="color:salmon;">e</span> only tell us one <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
ll part of the story. So, to help you see willingness in action, I'_m going to weave tog
<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>part of the story. So, to help you see willingness in action, I<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>m going to w<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ave tog<br>
ether experiences I've had in counsel_ing people for quitting smoking. And I'll together
ether experiences I've had <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span> co<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ns<span style="color:salmon;">u</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">t</span>ing people <span style="color:salmon;">t</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> quit<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ing smoking. And <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> together<br>
 refer_ to them_ as one person that we'll just call ____Jane. _So, as __is ___typical of
 refer<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">s</span>o the<span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> <span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s one person <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>we'll just call <span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>Jane. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>So, as <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span>is <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>typical <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 people who come in_ to want_ help for quitting smoking, Jane was a 45-year_-old person_
<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>people who com<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>in<span style="color:salmon;">g</span> to <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">c</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> help<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> quit<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ing smoking, Jane was a 45<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>year<span style="color:salmon;">s</span>-old person<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><br>
 who started smoking when she was a teenager. She tried to quit_ smoking several times a
 who started smoking when she was a teenager. She tried <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>quit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span> smoking several times <span style="color:salmon;">b</span><br>
nd was not successful. So, she was very skeptical that anything "new" was go__ing to be
<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>not successful. So, she was very skeptical that anything <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>new<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> was g<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span>ing <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>be <br>
helpful to her for quitting, and yet she was really hopeful that this time would be diff
helpful to her for quit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> And <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>she was really hopeful that this time would be diff<br>
erent. So, the first thing that I showed Jane was to be willing, that is to be aware, of
erent. So, the first thing that I show<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> Jane was to be willing, that is to be aware<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> of<br>
 her cravings in her body. So_ to _no__t_ice where she felt cravings in her body. And wh
 her craving<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> in her body. So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> to <span style="color:salmon;">k</span>no<span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>t<span style="color:salmon;">h</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> where she <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>cravings in her body. And wh<br>
at I did wa____s I_ asked her to journal that, and just to track the intensity over time
<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span> I did <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span> ask<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> journal that, and just to track the intensity over time<br>
, and to see if she'd smoke afterwards. So_ in __th_e middle of explaining this, she sto
, and <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>see if she<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> smoke afterward<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>. So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>e <span style="color:salmon;">b</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> of explain<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> she sto<br>
ps me_ and say_s, "What are you talking about? I don't have cravings, I just smoke!"_ So
ps me<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> sa<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span>s, "what are you talking about? I don't have cravings<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> I just smoke<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>"<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> So<br>
_ I said, "Well, why don't you try it, and we'__ll see what happens, and if it doesn't w
<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I said, "Well, why <span style="color:salmon;">n</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t you try it, and we<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span>ll see what happens, and if <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>doesn't <span style="color:salmon;">h</span><br>
ork___, we'll try something else_." So_ she came back a week later and she said, "You kn
<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">p</span><span style="color:salmon;">p</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span>, we<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> try something else<span style="color:salmon;">"</span>.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> she came back a week later<span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> She said, <span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ou kn<br>
ow, _I've been tracking my cravings, I'__ve been tracking them all the time. And now_ I
ow, <span style="color:salmon;">"</span>I<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">d</span>ra<span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span>ing my cravings<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> I<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>ve been <span style="color:salmon;">d</span>ra<span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span>ing them all the time. And now<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I <br>
can't stop____ thinking about smoking! What am I supposed to do?" Well, before I tell yo
can't stop<span style="color:salmon;">p</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> thinking about smoking<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> What am I suppose<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> to do?" Well, <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>f<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> I tell yo<br>
u_ my answer, let'’s look behind the scenes. Now_, what was probably going on here was t
u<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> my answer, let'<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s look behind the s<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>es. <span style="color:salmon;">W</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>, what<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s probably going on here was t<br>
hat Jane was having cravings all along, and like a lot of us, she was living on autopilo
hat Jane was having craving<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> all alon<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And like a lot of us, she <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>liv<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> on autop<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><br>
t__. You wake up in the morning, you smoke a cigarette, you have a cup of coffee, you sm
t<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span>. You wake up in the morning, <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>smoke a cigarette, you have a cup of coffee, you sm<br>
oke a cigarette, you get in t___he car, you smoke a cigarette. We'_re often just not awa
oke a cigarette, you get in t<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span>he car, you smoke a cigarette. We<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re often just not awa<br>
re of what we think, what we feel before we act. So, my answer to Jane was to be willing
re <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>what we think<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>before we act. So, <span style="color:salmon;">I</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> answer to Jane was to be willing<br>
, and one of the ways I showed her to do that was wi_th an_ exercise called_ "I am havin
<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And one of the way<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> I show<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> her to do that was w<span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> exercise called<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I am havin<br>
g the thought". So, one of Jane's thoughts_ before she had a cigarette was, "I'm feeling
g the thought<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>. So, one of Jane<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> thoughts<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> before <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>he had <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>cigarette was, <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> f<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">l</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 a lot of stress right _now, I really need a cigarette." So_ I asked her to add the_ phr
 a lot of stress <span style="color:salmon;">I</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">k</span>now, I really need a cigarette.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I ask<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> he<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">r</span> <span style="color:salmon;">f</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>r<br>
as_e_ "I'm having the thought" like this. "I'm having the thought that I'm feeling a lot
<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">z</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I'm having the thought<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> like this. <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I'm having the thought that I'm feeling <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>lot<br>
__ of stress right now I really need a cigarette." Then_ I asked_ her to add the_ phrase
<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> of stress <span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I really need a cigarette.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> Th<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I ask<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span> her <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>the<span style="color:salmon;">r</span> phrase<br>
_ "I'm noticing___ I'm having the thought," so_ "I'm noticing that I'm having the though
<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> notic<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> I<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> hav<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> the thought<span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> So<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I'm noticing that I'm having the though<br>
t_ that I'm feeling a lot__ of stress right now, I really need a cigarette." Now, we can
t<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> th<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span> I<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">v</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ing <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>lot<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> of stress <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>now, I really need a cigarette.<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> Now, we can<br>
 all do an exercise like this when we have any kind of negative thought. Like for my tho
 all do an exercise like this when we have any kind of negative thought<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> like for my tho<br>
ught_ that "I'm boring all of you with my talk"___ and_ I'm having the thought that I'm
ught<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> that <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>I'm boring all of you <span style="color:salmon;">b</span><span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> my talk<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span> And<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> I'm having the thought that I'm <br>
boring all of you with my talk. So, what this exercise did is it gave me a little bit of
boring all of you with my talk. So, what th<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> exercise did is <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>g<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>ve me a little bit <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 space between me and my thoughts. And it's in that__ space_ that I can choose not to ru
<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>space between me and my thoughts. And it's in that<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> space<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> that I can cho<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">c</span>e not to ru<br>
n of___f the stage in front of 1,500 people. And the fact is_ we don't act on every thou
n o<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span>f the stage <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>fro<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>500 people. And the fact is<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> we don't act on every thou<br>
ght_ we have, because if we did, we'd all be in a whole __lot of trouble. So, this was h
ght<span style="color:salmon;">s</span> we ha<span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> because if we did, we<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> all be in <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>h<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">l</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>lot of trouble. So, this was h<br>
elpful to Jane, but there was something else_ that was really difficult for Jane. ____I
elpful to Jane<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> But there was something else<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> that was really difficult for Jane<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>I <br>
fe_lt a lot__ of compassion f_or_ her_ about it. That was the judgment that she fe_lt fr
fe<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>lot<span style="color:salmon;">'</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span> of compassion <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">b</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> her<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> A<span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>hat was the judgment that she fe<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>l<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> fr<br>
om people when she would be outside smoking a ________cigarette. The__ criticism from he
om people when she would be outside smoking a <span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">s</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>cigarette. The<span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span> criticism from he<br>
r husband for being a smoker, and the self-loathing that she developed about smoking. An
r husband for be<span style="color:salmon;">e</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> a smoker, and the self-loa<span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>ing that she developed about smoking<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> an<br>
d she dealt with this shame_ by having a cigarette, which gave her reli_ef temporarily u
d she dealt with <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>hame<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> by having a cigarette<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> which g<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>ve her reli<span style="color:salmon;">v</span>e<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> temporarily <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><br>
ntil the shame came back. So, I said to Jane, "What would it be like if we tried to hono
nt<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> the shame came back. So, I said to Jane, <span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>hat would <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>be like if we tried to hon<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><br>
r this feeling of shame as part of the human experi_ence? If you had a close friend_ who
r this feel<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> of shame as part of <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>h<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>uman experi<span style="color:salmon;">m</span>en<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">.</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> If you had a close friend<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> who<br>
 i_s feeling _shame about smoking,” I said to Jane, “what would you offer t___his friend
 <span style="color:salmon;">w</span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>s feeling <span style="color:salmon;">a</span>shame about smoking,<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> I said to Jane, <span style="color:salmon;">"</span>What would you offer t<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span>his friend<br>
 as words of caring and_ kindness, and could you then_ offer those words to yourself, Ja
 as words of caring <span style="color:salmon;">v</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span><span style="color:salmon;">y</span> kindness<span style="color:salmon;">?</span> And could you then<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> offer those words to yourself<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> Ja<br>
ne?" And she looked up, and she had this look of this temporary respite from the shame,
ne<span style="color:salmon;">.</span>" And she looked up, and she had this look of this temporary respite from the shame<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <br>
which made it just a little bit easier ___next time_ not to act on_ the craving. _So, he
which made <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>just a little bit easier <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>next time<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> not <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>act<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">g</span> t<span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> craving. <span style="color:salmon;"> </span>So, he<br>
re is the secret to_ self-control: the secret to_ self-control is to give up control. Be
re is the secret <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">f</span> self<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>control<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> The secret <span style="color:salmon;">_</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">f</span> self<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>control is to give up control. Be<br>
cause otherwise, we get into a tu_g-__of-war with a monster, a craving monster. And the
cause otherwise, we get into a t<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span>g<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>of<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>war with a monster, a craving monster. And <span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <br>
craving monster say_s, "Come on, smoke a cigarette. Come on, have that cookie. Come on!"
craving monster sa<span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span>s, "Com<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>on, smoke a cigarette<span style="color:salmon;">;</span> com<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>on, have that cookie<span style="color:salmon;">;</span> Com<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>on!"<br>
 And you'_re on the other side saying, "No_ craving monster, I'm going to distract mysel
 And you<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re on the other side say<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>, "No<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> craving monster, I'm go<span style="color:salmon;">n</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">a</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>distract <span style="color:salmon;">b</span>y<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
f from you, I'_m going to ignore you, no, no, no, no." And the craving monster says, "No
<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>you<span style="color:salmon;">;</span> I<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>m <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>g<span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>o<span style="color:salmon;">r</span>i<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> you, no<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> no<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> no<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>" And the craving monster says, "<span style="color:salmon;">Y</span><span style="color:salmon;">e</span><br>
__, _____no_, come on, you know_ you want it!" And you're just back here and you'_re goi
<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span>, <span style="color:salmon;">y</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">u</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">k</span>no<span style="color:salmon;">w</span>, com<span style="color:salmon;">m</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>on, you know<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> you want it<span style="color:salmon;">.</span>" And you<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> just back here<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> you<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re goi<br>
ng back and forth and back and forth_ and pretty soon_ the craving monster over_powers y
ng back and forth and back and forth<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> and pretty soon<span style="color:salmon;">,</span> the craving monster over<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>powers y<br>
ou — you have that cookie_, you have that cigarette, until the craving monster comes bac
ou<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> you have th<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> cookie<span style="color:salmon;">s</span>, you have that cigarette<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> until the craving monster come<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> bac<br>
k. And then you'_re in the tu_g-of-war_ ______again_ doing what we've learned how to do.
k. And <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>you<span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">a</span>re <span style="color:salmon;">o</span>n the t<span style="color:salmon;">a</span><span style="color:salmon;">r</span>g<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>w<span style="color:salmon;">o</span>r<span style="color:salmon;">d</span> <span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;">o</span><span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">g</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span>again<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> Doing what we<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> learned how to do.<br>
 Un_less - un_less_ you drop the rope. And what you discover__ is that if you just allow
 <span style="color:salmon;">I</span>n<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>l<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> <span style="color:salmon;">i</span>n<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>l<span style="color:salmon;">a</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">,</span> you drop the rope. And wh<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span> you discover<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> is <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>if you just allow<br>
 the monster to be, to occupy a space in your body, you discover in a few minutes that t
 the monster to be, to occupy a space in your body, you discover <span style="color:salmon;">t</span><span style="color:salmon;">h</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>a<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>t<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> that t<br>
he craving monster is not as threatening as he appears. And some_times, he even goes awa
he craving monster is not as threatening as <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> appears. And some<span style="color:salmon;"> </span>times, <span style="color:salmon;">i</span><span style="color:salmon;">t</span> even goes awa<br>
y. As we break for lunch, we're going to have choices of what to eat. When you see them,
y. As we break for lunch, we<span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span> go<span style="color:salmon;">n</span>n<span style="color:salmon;">a</span> <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>have choices <span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>what to eat. When you see them,<br>
 try to be aware of the cravings in your body, try to be willing to have those cravings.
 try to be aware of the crav<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span>s in your body<span style="color:salmon;">.</span> Try to be willing to have th<span style="color:salmon;">i</span>s<span style="color:salmon;">_</span> craving<span style="color:salmon;">,</span><span style="color:salmon;">_</span><br>
 See if they pass__ on their_ own. W____hatever choice_ you make, try to bring a spirit_
 see if they pass<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span> on the<span style="color:salmon;">_</span>r<span style="color:salmon;">e</span> own. <span style="color:salmon;">A</span><span style="color:salmon;">n</span><span style="color:salmon;">d</span><span style="color:salmon;"> </span><span style="color:salmon;">w</span>hatever choice<span style="color:salmon;">s</span> you ma<span style="color:salmon;">d</span>e, try to bring a spirit<span style="color:salmon;">e</span><br>
_ of caring and kindness to yourself, for that is the mountain that we are all climbing.
<span style="color:salmon;">d</span> of caring and kindness to yourself, for that is the mountain that we are all climbing.<br>

---
github: [https://github.com/Karobben](https://github.com/Karobben)
blog: [Karobben.github.io](http://Karobben.github.io)
R 语言画图索引: [https://karobben.github.io/R/R-index.html](https://karobben.github.io/R/R-index.html)
