---
title: "When I want to suicide myself"
description: "The curiosity and pleasure about to die for a kids"
date: "2020/07/14"
---
# When I want to suicide myself


*date: 2020/07/14*

This morning, I woke up early with a stomachache which is caused by the chilies I consumed last night.

After I left the bed, I was struggling with the cell phone because I know that spending too much time on the cell phone for watching short videos is a waste of time. But you know, some videos like Japanese animation can always catch your attention and surprise you by exhibiting some strange or even insane characters. One of the characters is a girl who wants to die and wants to be killed by others. The reason it attracts me is that I heard more than one person who wants or even tried to suicide before. Two of them are suffering from depression, two of them are just had period unhappy. Because of my age limit (I am 24 now), all those friends are teenagers or even kids.

I didn't trace those stores further because my cat noticed that I stopped looking at the cell phone and was trying to urge me to feed him. I looked at his yellow eyes which looked like golden coins. Talking about the golden coins, I remembered that Jack Chen had a moving in which he died and then was brought back by a Buddhist child with a mystery magic coin. Oh, by the way, Jack Chen's wife in this movie has a secret small arsenal behind the hovel. I like the scene that how surprising Jack's partner was when he saw it during the fire contact with the bad guys. Then, more images or pieces of this or other movies by Jack Chen have emerged in my mind. Finally, one scene attracted my attention and made me fell into pondering. It comes from the same movie which has the magic coin. The magic coin not only brought Jack back but also gave superpowers like super speed, regeneration, strength to Jack. So, when a bad guy found out the truth and kidnapped the child with the coin, he copied Jack Chen's experience by drinking poisoned wine and brought back by the magic coin, gained the superpowers.

What caught my attention was not the coin, but the behavior, the suicide behavior, the scene of drinking the poisoned wine. I was about 10 when I first saw this plot. And I just remembered that a huge wave of pleasure surged out of my whole body when I saw it. I have no idea why and I was shy or afraid to ask. But this kind of feeling or pleasure is the one that I had never experienced. I can't remember exactly how it feels now, but I know it was special at the time for a 10-year-old boy.

For a moment, I think that maybe I can understand a little about the feeling of the girl in the animation I mentioned before. To have further self-validation, I recalled the first time when I had this kind of idea or feeling. I think it was at the age of 6 or 7 because, during the age of 5, my family moved to a new house. I still remember that it was summer, I was watching the TV, a circus show. It was a foreign female trainer who wore very little and hot and played the show with lions. I was too young to understand what I was thinking, but I know that it made me feel very strange but pleasant. A very weird and horrible idea emerged to my mind, I want to feed the lions with myself, I mean, my body, my blood, and my flesh. I felt terrible after the fade of this impulse because I know it is not right. But this impulse emerged a few times after that day. I thought that I must be insane. Luckily, I forget this soon.

For now, I am very interested in why am I interested in death or how could it bring me mental pleasure when I was 7. Maybe I was interested in death. But I think maybe it was another kind of sexual impulse, immature sexual impulse, of course. The evidence was that the first impulse was emerging with the show of a hot female trainer. But I was too young to understand the sexual impulse. As a result, I connected this impulse to death. So, this impulse reappeared when I saw the man who was drinking the poisoned wine. I don't know if it makes sense or not, but it looks plausible. The feeling I had at the age of 7 and 10 is very similar to the sexual impulse: heartbeat speed-up, flushed, and some other wired feelings with pleasure though I can't remember the details. And this is the only reason I can recall.
